---layout: posttitle: "Different Occupation"categories: IELTS---## Different OccupationSome people work for the same organisation all their working life. Others think that it is better to work for different organisations. Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.While many argue that it is efficient and productive to dedicate their career for the same employer, there are others augue that working for different companies will give more oppotunities for their growth and bring new blood to the employer. While it does no harm contribuating one's whole life to one oganization, I do think that a change of crearee from now and then will do much help develeping a well-rounded perfesional skill set for a person.On the one hand, there are many examples that somebody stick to the same company and have a successful career. By doing so, they can avoid the hassle of switching career path, getting to know each other with colleges. They do not have to start from scratch but focus themselves on what is important. They already know how things work in the company, so it is easy to collabrate with each other and it is a win-win situation for both individuals and employers.On the other hand, having the right to change one's company or even career path do give more oppotunities to employees. When companies get big,they tend to have their own problem, for example, the communication get comlicated, it involves too many regulations to release new products, many employees are slicking around rather than doing real work. For the employees, it is better for them to change company and do the  work that they really engoy. Also they can learn new knowledge and  it brings new blood and enery to the organization.To summurize, I do think it is important for employees to have the career that they truely enjoy, rather than stick to the same company. By doing so, they can learn new knowledge and the organization avoid geting staganated. It is a win-win situation for both.Example Answer:For some people, when they get their first job they have little idea whether or not they will remain in the same organisation throughout their working life. If they decide to change, they need to consider how this will impact on their career overall. People who stay with the same organisation have the advantage of throughly understanding how it works and also becoming familiar with the staff and process. If they work hard, their promotion prospects are good and there is likely to be greater job security, with the promise of a good pension when they retire. Employers value loyalty and may offer additional incentives to long-term employees, including bonuses and reward schemes.However, one of the drwabacks of staying with the same organisations is that the person may get stuck doing the same job year after year. In some cases, this can lead to boredom and disillusionment. Moving from one organisation to another can be a strategic decision in order to have variety and acquire a range of skills and experience. A friend of my father started out as a sociology teacher, he then joined the Social Services and is currently managing a care home in Western Australia. This has made him incredibly knowledgeable in a range of related fields and, in my view, has provided him with a much more interesting working life.Although there are benefits working for one organisation, I feel that it is also valuable for an employee to be able to offer a wide range of experience having worked for different companies. As long as it is planned carefully, I feel that change is good and will ultimately benefit the employee and the employer.test remember pass